fix: readme add react-native procedure (#20)
Unleash/proxy-client-react: README.md

}

```

## React Native

> React Native is not using the localStorage of the web browser. You need to tell unleash to use your specific storage provider.
> The most common storage provider for React Native is [AsyncStorage](https://github.com/react-native-async-storage/async-storage).
> To configure it, add the following property to your configuration object:

Reviewer: This is great! 🙌🏼  Just a little rewording suggestion for the first two sentences which makes it clearer why you _can't_ just use the default storage provider. I've assumed that it's because React Native doesn't run in a browser, but please let me know if I'm wrong!

```suggestion
Because React Native doesn't run in a web browser, it doesn't have access to the `localStorage` API. Instead, you need to tell Unleash to use your specific storage provider. The most common storage provider for React Native is [AsyncStorage](https://github.com/react-native-async-storage/async-storage).
To configure it, add the following property to your configuration object:
```
